many boxing experts struck by two
alexander povetkin aspects himself because
that everyone expected that povetkin and burn but
who gave what kind of us so
transient that's what has n't yet produced
lose the battle right that did everything
were surprised sasha is getting
with every fight that was killed by that moment
how did he change his coach
his cape began to train and he became
the best and most effective battles
will be further with the progression
and yet I think that now everything goes to
what is around the corner and revenge with
Vladimir Klitschko and here is no longer
it is known who will win on I think that Sasha
will be very ready this will be in my opinion
there are no official reviews yet
I am sure that well, just say the last
Here are two years after the fight Klitschko-Povetkin
changed dad positive side
Of course, of course, what is this?
is expressed first in the same
physicists how he became physically
respectively
Often this same here us knockout with peresom
it was just lucky punch or lisina k
prepared blow of course to all
worked off tactically
the second strategy was my strength be
the second fight Povetkin-Klitschko what what
the moment he can consider after the first fight
and what can be done differently here already
think about 1 god and something out there this
correct errors here in general already
the conversation is not worth it because that fight is like
Sasha was then and what he is now
these are two different
Alexander Povetkin therefore now it
will i think new strategy